check out this week's must-see movies
the latkes have resolved to exterminate
up underworld blood Wars is an
action-packed horror movie about warring
vampire clans well what did you hear
looking for someone haven't you ever
seen a mind like the one your daughter
has you have to see that she becomes
hidden figures tells the true story of
three brilliant women at NASA we can do
the work in the breathtaking fantasy
film a monster calls a boy embarks on a
life-changing journey of lost courage
and faith here's this week's fan tissa
patient
[Music]
so what's your weekend to get going to
be let us know by commenting below see
you next time on weekend ticket
[Music]
[Applause]